Hi within this lecture we're going to start trying disease that we can bring in our art bird or pasteboard
in general.
OK so first of all we have the selector.
So this is the most basic bone because we use this to select some views.
So when we select this one we use to select till we can come over here to any object in our pasteboard
we can select them we can make them smaller we can make them bigger we can rotate them if it's applicable
of course to the case as you can see we can move them.
We can do whatever we want with them.
OK but if we come over here for example to the rectangle and now if you come over here and hold onto
your mouse you can just drag and create a rectangle over here.
So right now if I come over here and click one more time it will create another rectangle.
So in order to go out of this loop I have to select the select tool or I can just hit V on my keyboard.
OK.
So as you can see now I have created two rectangles.
Now if I choose one I get to see its properties on the property inspector.
Right now as you can see I have some options like filth.
Now I can feel any color that I want using this color inspector here and I can't even select a color
I can just pick a color using this option and it will just select the picked color for me.
So I can't change the color over here I can change the opacity of this color as well so it will be more
transparent.
But when I go down and it will it won't be any transparent I go up.
So this is a good color Inspector you can just create any color that you want.
And over here you see a border.
So let me zoom in so you can see the current border over here.
All right.
So if I want to I can just increase the size of the border by coming over here on say six for example.
As you can see now we can even see the border from my broader perspective.
I can just uncheck this to give some border but not Phil or vice versa.
So if you come over here to shadow we can give some shadow.
For example we can choose the axis to give the shadow as well.
So this is the x axis and the vertical one is the y axis.
As you know.
So let me give some more shadow or hearing the y axis.
And as you can see we see the shadow over here.
The basic idea is that you can just select a view where you can get to change you get to change its
properties over here like the opacity of the whole shape as well.
So under this you will see some blur.
And in this case I believe it won't do much for our case.
So we can do just that Justice contrasts and brightness over here but I believe it's made our view in
a very bad shape.
So I'm going to undo this.
I'm going to check this.
And here we see something called Mark for export.
So when we try when we're finished with our design we can export the things that we're going to bring
in the X code as well so we can use this mark for export option.
Every going to see how to use them later on.
Don't worry we're just learning about rectangles right now.
So I get to select as I get to move this around as you can see I have a repeat grid button over here
which is a very cool feature of a there'll be d If you click on this you can create some repeated grids
are repeated views like this.
So you can create as many as you want and it will just copy the same view.
So this is good right now.
If you just select as you can move them around and you can even angrier up this grid to have individual
views later on and you can just delete them you can just change them you can do whatever you want with
them.
So it's a very good way to copy an views into some grids and I believe that's it for our rectangle.
And as you can see I can move this into the pasteboard as well I don't have to put some use into the
outboard necessarily but it makes sense to use art bath as I said before because it's an object.
It's set to to you as a frame.
So if I'm going to design something for iPhone then it makes sense to do it for our frame within a frame.
As you can see I can see in the layers a if you cannot see those layers you can just go to me view and
layers and you can see the individual elements in our pasteboard on in our art bird like this when you
choose one.
OK.
Now I see the art port content.
If I just click one of them I get to change its name or I get to delete them and I can see all the structure
on the left hand pane on the extra menu that I got here.
So that's it for a rectangle.
So let me choose that area every each of them and delete it because it won't make sense and you can
do the same things with a different way as well.
So let me show you if you hold onto shift while you're creating your rectangle.
It will create a square for you.
So whenever you hold on to shifts it will do this thing in a straight way.
So if we're creating Garrick tangle it will create a square for you if you're creating in circle for
instance or an ellipse it will create a perfect circle for you.
And aside from that we have the alt or option button as well.
So if you hold on to option it will take the first point as a center and it will just I expand this
view around the center.
For example let me hold onto nothing and as you can see I can create that view like this.
But if I hold onto alter or option it will take the first point that I touch as a center and expand
this view around that center.
So it's kind of cool to use shift an option in order to create some centered and straight views.
So we're going to stop we're ever going to continue with inspecting other views in the next lecture.